#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front"
(Incheon International Airport, August 22, 2017)
This is airport!
It's our first time to move together with just three of us!
Also it's our first time to go abroad!
'Do you know that the place you're going is so far away from New York...?'
JinSoul: Ah...!
Choerry: Cut!
It's first time to promote our unit!
So, we will do our best!!
Let's go!
Kim Lip, JinSoul: We're in the plane!
I'm on the palne!
KIm Lip: Hey, you have to take off shoes first before board a plane!
Choerry: But you don't take off shoes!
Ta-da!
This is really interesting! (Monitor)
You have to plug your earphoen in here!
Ta-da!
I'm looking forward to in flight meals!
Me too!
Ta-da!
I'm looking forward how long does it take to get there!
Well, take care, see you later~
See you!
(Let's go with fluttering heart!)